docs: showcase updated use cases in example workflows (#376)
slackapi/slack-github-action: example-workflows/Technique_1_Slack_Workflow_Builder/README.md

# Technique 1: Slack Workflow Builder

> > :memo: This technique requires [a Slack paid plan][plans] to use Workflow
> > Builder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :memo: This technique uses Workflow Builder, which requires [a Slack paid plan][plans].
```

For details on how to setup this technique in GitHub Actions, read the
[`README.md`][setup].

## Example workflows

1. [**Format generated files**](#format-generated-files): Message outputs from
   prior steps.
2. [**Post release announcements**](#post-release-announcements): Share releases
   to a channel.
3. [**Update a channel topic**](#update-a-channel-topic): Highlight the current
   build status.

### Format generated files

Convert build outputs from earlier GitHub Action steps into a Slack message.

This example uses data from a payload file to [send a message][send_message] to
a hardcoded channel.

**Related files**:

- [`builds.data.json`](./builds.data.json): Payload file being sent.
- [`builds.gha.yml`](./builds.gha.yml): GitHub Actions workflow.
- [`builds.manifest.json`](./builds.manifest.json): Slack app manifest.
- [`builds.trigger.json`](./builds.trigger.json): Slack webhook trigger.

### Post release announcements

Select a channel to post news about the most recent release to.

This example uses [Slack functions][functions] and inline inputs to do the
following:

1. Open a form to select a channel.
2. Send a message to the selected channel.

> 3. React with an excited emoji.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. React with an `:excited:` emoji.
```

maybe? idk maybe this is obnoxious

Author: I think it's fun! Though `:excited:` might be misleading. I think we're celebrating with a `:tada:` 🎉

Reviewer: oh then maybe be explicit with that?
```suggestion
3. React with a `:tada:` emoji.
```
